now because the next guest is a legend I
mean legend I mean proper legend what a
fighter a ring genius Marvin Hagler he
said no Nigel Benn he said no Chris
Eubank he said no staggering those are
not lies all three of those great
middleweight sleep advice refuse to
fight this guy it gives me the greatest
of pleasure to welcome to my show Harold
bomber graham harrell hey listen i'm not
joking i tell people that you know
sometimes we were boxing experts these
days hero whose nose memory only goes
back ten years it's the truth and they
so fast to me like do you remember do
you remember do you remember air Obama
grammar say no Harry Bobby Thank You
Katie oh I said do I remember though I
remember if i said i said if you ever
want to know how good ever bhama grammys
ask Nigel Benner Marvin Hagler away in
those guys what they think Hey look
first of all before we talk a little bit
about your career what are you doing
these days he'll Oh Anton also helping
my father my father's got some houses
around I'm so helping with that and then
and then personal trainer from virgin
I've you work for Vera I work for he is
I've got my own boxing gym as well are
you staying Sheffield yes I still in
Sheffield yeah I mean no hey will you
get a long career and distinguished
doesn't even cover it if I me just tell
some listeners Harold full of the top
four British level two world level 4 17
or 18 years in major major fights I
consider him the greatest British box
ever forget carbon like to know to never
win a World tile I really good hello let
me take you back a little bit just just
close your eyes put your feet up your
first you first name a British title
fight back in 1981 yeah listen I was I
was still really I was still a teenager
with a spear startled but so alike
you listen when there's not a lot
different now your company as older me
on places I you but listen you look
longing to me hey were at first right
that was over 15 rounds that's how long
ago it was I perfect on that yeah I know
spirit eyes when the champions are true
champion 20 yes very bitchy championship
yeah I could fire for it but but you
know you know you have bitch away
because you came through you end up you
really hard world title fight she fought
you fought a nap peak mike mccallum and
I me and you've got your tactics wrong
didn't you like met let me know was it
wasn't even anything I spun around to an
important you captured yeah I don't buy
one point is a snit decision and then
and then the other one other one reminds
are too much about it you had you know
you'd beaten Julian Jackson are and you
got caught luckily that was normal
everybody reminded about the YouTube
they're going to you shoot the fuck yeah
yeah well I wish there was an interview
am having Hagler on there telling
telling people what he's told me met him
several times he said I've got I didn't
want anything to do with I don't want
anything to do with that guy over the
readers I saw own listeners sickness in
Lee in Kent has said diselo Harold for
me Stevie said he said can you ask him
what what you would have done to Michael
number cuz at the time you were champion
British champion II know he was he was
one of the world champions and here's
you watch every get anyone a fight you
even know maybe one if I needed work
they try to bend was talking to fight oh
no that time but they did not once at
all and Michael nomas a good guy Vega
you know I expected I do respect them as
well do as well yeah he's deserving
about 200 years for cocaine do nothing
you can say no yeah doesn't matter
listen to you just you just fell off
fell off the track let me let me ask you
this here'll what would be your most
memorable night as as a box and I'm
talking about pro not not your years in
Nottingham as an amateur since 1978 when
you turn pro to nineteen nineteen
ninety-eight when you retire that was at
your last fight saying oh yeah tell me
tell me what was what was your best
clothes unless you're dreaming you know
evil evil ah i see one that best I said
was Jose says Pat commerce smooth flat
calm as Jose phase and more offended i
will you look at some is getting you
could see the bitches championship like
15 then I lost one point I where I share
to them days because EPL Christian
vision yeah I like everything oil
another hell's gonna go and then the
next thing is walking around in circles
in the rain for some reason and I want
to fight back listen is there were
several fights where you never got time
what was the lowest point in your boxing
career know what about what about at the
moment hell do you have any favorites in
British boxing anyone you like anyway
you don't believe in love is no there's
nothing as change really ya know what
you think personally I don't think
anything has changed from the time I
finished as if I was if i have the same
sense though as a younger and i still
box and I'd be I'd be will champion over
again yeah I gosh yet I mean I'm not
just saying that cuz you're on the phone
but you know if anyone if anyone
listening never saw her Obama Graham and
his paid gun YouTube in you know you I'm
talking here you enduring the gearing
the radio company tonight like a boxing
genius listen herro it's been a pleasure
to chat again on a couple of months time
and we'll have another load yes do that
will actually go through the actual
injection fight honestly like that it's
always there in spirit I don't want to
go through it and I was on the safe side
of the ropes I forgot about it in no I
can't listen you're over here oh thanks
so much for taking a bit of time
inspectors and Harold bhama Graham
arguably the greatest British fights are
never to win a whirl
taio I mean he's a fantastic felony was
just pure class and he lists the list of
fighters who didn't want to fight him
his amazing they'll sit here and they'll
turn into a nigel benn new bank all and
they don't want to touch him with a
barge pole and I understand why could
they couldn t move her hand of saying